Documentation update for parallelized status fetching (#87)
glotzerlab/signac-docs: docs/source/flow-project.rst

    ~/my_project $ python project.py run

> The status determination is by default parallelized with threads, however this can be turned off or switched to using processes by setting a value for the ``flow.status_parallelization`` configuration key to either ``none``, ``processes`` with ``threads`` being the implicit default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The status determination is by default parallelized with threads, however this can be turned off or switched to using processes by setting a value for the ``flow.status_parallelization`` configuration key.
Possible value are ``thread``, ``process`` or ``none`` with the first one being the implicit default value and the last one turning off all parallelization.
```
Further suggested improvement of the phrasing. I also noticed that `threads` and `processes` in my suggested change was in fact wrong, because signac-flow expects the singular. This is a reminder to please be very diligent when accepting suggestions. I did not double check those values when I provided the suggestion, but relied on you knowing what the correct values would be.

Author: Oh yes, I am sorry about that. I just got careless over there. I'll take care of it from next time.

> You can set the ``flow.status_parallelization`` configuration value by using the command below where the valid values of the attribute ``VALUE`` are given above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the ``flow.status_parallelization`` configuration value by directly editing the configuration file(s) or via the command line, for example: 
```

.. code-block:: bash

>     ~/my_project $ signac config set flow.status_parallelization VALUE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ~/my_project $ signac config set flow.status_parallelization process
```
I suggest that we show directly one of the two sensible command as example. I find that it is usually much more helpful for users to see the *actual* command instead of a templated one that they still need to adapt.

Author: Yes, I agree. I'll edit.

    ~/my_project $ python project.py run

The status determination is by default parallelized with threads, however this can be turned off or switched to using processes by setting a value for the ``flow.status_parallelization`` configuration key. 

> Possible values are ``thread``, ``process`` or ``none`` with the first one being the implicit default value and the last one turning off all parallelization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Possible values are ``thread``, ``process`` or ``none`` with ``thread``  being the default value and ``none`` turning off all parallelization.
```

Reviewer 2: Edited for clarity

    ~/my_project $ python project.py run

> We can now parallelize the determination of projet status with processes. This can be done by setting a value for the ``flow.status_parallelization`` configuration as ``process``. Altogether there are 3 valid values for this, ``threads``, ``none``, or ``processes``, where ``threads`` being the default one which uses multithreading to perform parallelization and ``none`` leads to no parallelization at all.

Reviewer: Documentation always describes the status quo and should only refer to historical states in exceptional circumstances where it has a lot of educational value for current users. Think of the software as a picture that you describe, you don't need to reference what the picture looked like while it was painted. The only place where you explicitly describe the evolution of the software is the changelog.
```suggestion
The status determination is by default parallelized with threads, however this can be turned off or switched to using processes by setting a value for the ``flow.status_parallelization`` configuration key to either ``none``, ``processes`` with ``threads`` being the implicit default value.
```
Please also provide either an example for setting that key from the CLI or link to a relevant section in the documentation that shows how to configure signac (flow).

Author: I have provided an example on how to configure signac flow [here](https://github.com/glotzerlab/signac-docs/pull/87/files#diff-430c8afc00a0685ddc648d3827cb1d44R223). Are you referring to the same or something different?

Reviewer: No, I was referring to that, so that's sufficient.
